We will program the game fartogger, a game of frogger, but with farting. The
frog will move forward by farting. 

The player will control the frog and try to cross the road while avoiding cars.
The player can also collect power-ups that will give them special abilities,
such as farting in a straight line or farting in a circle. The game will have
multiple levels, each with increasing difficulty. The player will earn points
for each car they avoid and for each power-up they collect. The game will end
when the player is hit by a car or runs out of time. The game will have a timer
that counts down from 60 seconds. The player can earn extra time by collecting
power-ups. The game will also have a high score system that keeps track of the
player's best score. The player can compete against their friends to see who can
get the highest score. The game will be played on a grid, with the frog starting
at the bottom of the screen and the cars moving from the top to the bottom. The
player will use the arrow keys to move the frog left and right, and the space
bar to fart. The player can also use the mouse to click on power-ups to collect
them. The game will have a simple and colorful art style, with cartoonish
graphics and sound effects. The frog will be animated to show it farting, and
the cars will have different designs and colors. The game will also have a
catchy soundtrack that will play in the background. 

But the most important part of the game is the farting. The player will be able to
fart in different ways, such as a short fart, a long fart, or a fart that goes
in a circle. The player can also collect different types of farts, such as
super farts, mega farts, and ultra farts. Each type of fart will have a
different effect on the game, such as making the frog move faster or slowing
down the cars. The player can also use the farts to create obstacles for the
cars, such as fart clouds that will block the cars' path.

This will be a javascript game, but written in Typescript. There is a single
index.html file, in the root of the project, that will load the game. The game
will be a single page application, but may involve multiple Typescript files. I
also want an NPM package.json file, with a start script that will run the game.
